Update Get() test expectation (#410)
openconfig/featureprofiles: feature/gribi/ate_tests/get_rpc_test/README.md

    198.51.100.64/26, 198.51.100.128/26 are returned. Measure latency of Get
    RPC.

>     *   TODO: ensure all IPEntry, NHG and NH are returned with
>         [`fib_status=PROGRAMMED`](https://github.com/openconfig/gribi/blob/08d53dffce45e942c6e7f07521c58b557984e4b7/v1/proto/service/gribi.proto#L485).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *   TODO: ensure all AFTEntry in the GetResponse for the IPv4Entry, NHG and NH are
        returned with [fib_status] `PROGRAMMED`.
```

And we can move the fib_status link below after the itemized list, say line 47.

```
[fib_status]: https://github.com/openconfig/gribi/blob/08d53dffce45e942c6e7f07521c58b557984e4b7/v1/proto/service/gribi.proto#L485
```

This is to avoid long inline links.

*   Issue Get RPC from gRIBI-B, ensure that all entries for 198.51.100.0/26,
    198.51.100.64/26, 198.51.100.128/26 are returned. Measure latency of Get
    RPC.

>     *   TODO: ensure all IPEntry, NHG and NH are returned with

Reviewer: Same idea to avoid long inline link.

        [`fib_status=PROGRAMMED`](https://github.com/openconfig/gribi/blob/08d53dffce45e942c6e7f07521c58b557984e4b7/v1/proto/service/gribi.proto#L485).

*   Configure static route for 198.51.100.192/64, issue Get from gRIBI-A and
    ensure that only entries for 198.51.100.0/26, 198.51.100.64/26,
    198.51.100.128/26 are returned, with no entry returned for
    198.51.100.192/64.

>     *   TODO: ensure all IPEntry, NHG and NH are returned with

Reviewer: Same.

        [`fib_status=PROGRAMMED`](https://github.com/openconfig/gribi/blob/08d53dffce45e942c6e7f07521c58b557984e4b7/v1/proto/service/gribi.proto#L485).

*   Inject an entry that cannot be installed into the FIB due to an unresolved
    next-hop (203.0.113.0/24 -> unresolved 192.0.2.254/32). Issue a Get RPC from
    gRIBI-A and ensure that the entry for 203.0.113.0/24 is not returned.

>     *   TODO: ensure that the IPEntry for 203.0.113.0/24 is returned with

Reviewer: Can use the footnote styled links here.

Author: good point. done.
